Who is he?
This is the famous Miss Lin, right?
Like a plague chicken
No wonder I can't hold up the dress
The brand square doesn't want to lend it to you either.
By the way, even if you have those 2 taels in your chest
Fame and coffee spots are not enough
The brand is also unwilling to lend it to you.
Right, sister, who are you talking about?
Pay attention to the occasion
Ladies and gentlemen, the banquet is about to begin
Please return to your seats
We're done.
Don't cause me trouble
How dare you show your face in this place
Why not?
You were just abandoned by my sister. Order
Why are you here?
Master, the mud can't support the wall
A delivery guy stole it from somewhere
Please go away
This is not where you bring it.
Today's party is without me
Look who dares to start with a big breath
You are here
It's not to mess with my sister's awards, is it?
I came here just to give this marriage
Draw a full stop
After all, husband and wife
I also want to give Lin Mengdi a chance to realize her dream
Did I hear it right?
You helped him realize his dream
Golden Dragon Award, you did it right, it's up to me